Drivermychardrv -> mychardev-1, mychardev-2, mychardev-3, mychardev-4
Properties:
i. size
ii.device serial number
iii.permission

Instantiating the device drivers from device tree, previously we registered using kernel API's to dynamically recognise 
the device when the driver is present in the OS.

What is a property?
A property is a key-value pair.
for eg,
label = "beaglebone:green:usr0";   -> This a single property.
property    Value
name

Different types of properties:
*Standard property
    -Explained by the specification and binder binding documentation.
* Custom property
    -Specific to particular vendor  or organization which is not documented by the specification.
    -Custom property begins with your organization names.
You can refer device tree specification documentation to view more of this information. 2.2.4
for eg, custom property name: 
company_name,your-property-here

Important property explanation:
Property: compatible
compatible = <string-list>
propertyname        value-types
eg:
compatible = "string1", "string2", "string3";
* Compatible property of a device node is used by the linux kernel to match and load an appropriate driver to handle that
device node.
* The string list provided by the compatible property is matched against the string list supported by the driver. If the
kernel finds any match, the driver will be loaded and probe function is invoked. Generally the device node exposes its
compatible property and the kernel checks the string-list type value of the driver with the device node compatible property
string list type now, it it matches then the kernel loads the driver and invoke the probe function.
eg,
compatible = "fsl,mpc8641", "nsl6550";
manufacturer name at first then comma followed by model no.
In this example the kernel will first try to locate the device driver that supports fsl,mpc8641. If the driver is not found 
,then it would try to locate a driver that supports more general nsl6550 device type.
Compatibe always start with most compatible then goes to least compatible.
for eg,
/{
    model = "TI AM335 BeagleBone Black";
    compatible = "ti,am335-bone-black", "ti,am335x-bone", "ti,am33xx";
};
first compatible property string list first value here:"ti,am335-bone-black" -> It claims the exact compatible 
name of the board that the kernel supports it. 
The second value : "ti,am335x-bone" -> It is also compatible with kernel which supports bone devices based on 
am335x, if the kernel doesn't support previous exact model that is the first string type here.
The third value type: If the kernel does not support any of the previous boards, the third one with generic will get 
supported.
Uses:
i. Machine identification and initialization.
ii. Match and load the appropriate driver for the device node.

The device node for example i2c has its own compatible property these are avaialble in dtsi file of the os. Now when the 
device is getting initialized then it will look for the specific driver source file from the filesystem. The default
property of the device node will get overrided by some dtsi common files indicating that the device is supportable,
once they find that the device is supported by the dtsi files, then the driver probe function will get invoked.